Application Name: imagine

Aim:

To provide the users a platform to create images using LOGO (Language Oriented Graphics Oriented) and Paint.

Features:

LOGO:

Following LOGO commands are successfully implemented:
forward, backward, left, right, repeat, home, hideturtle, showturtle, penup, pendown, clearscreen, clean, clearconsole, setpencolor, setpensize, penpaint

The following command works but is not efficient: penerase

More to do: provide the user a way to define his own functions using TO and END

Paint:

The following tools in paint are successfully implemented:
line, brush, rectangle, ellipse, eraser, select & move, cut, copy, paste, undo, redo, clearscreen

There are around 40 colors provided in the pallete which user can select and 10 radius sizes for line, brush and eraser.

Note: There is a save button and a download button provided in both the applications.

Users Profile Page:

The users profile page shows his profile details on the left side, which are editable.
All his graphic creations, both in LOGO and Paint are displayed in separate sections.
All the images can be viewed, downloaded and opened/edited in any application (LOGO or Paint) from this page.
The images are displayed, sorted in order of Last Created.

How to Start?

The user on opening the homepage can find a link to register/signup for an account on the website.
He has to login to use the applications provided.
On logging in, the user profile page will appear.
There is a navigation bar to facilitate navigation through applications and user profile, it also provides the Logout Button.

LOGO

The LOGO page has a console type interface, where the user has to type in LOGO commands to create graphical images.
Invalid syntax or commands are reported.
You can also view the previous commands and access them by using up/down arrow keys.
The list of commands has already been provided.

Paint

The Brush tool is selected by default, the user can click on any tool to use it.
The colors can be selected by clicking on the color boxes in the pallete, you can view the color with its name and hexcode after clicking.
The radius/line width can be set by a slider ranging from 1-10

Note: The clearscreen button deletes any undo/redo history

The Save Button adds the current view of the image to your account depending on the application, it prompts for a title to the image.
On success, an 'Image saved!' prompt is generated.
The Download Button downloads the current view of the image to your computer, it does not save the image in your account.

Developer Team:
Name: V
Members:
    Abhineet Jain   
    Chandan Kharbanda
    
Link to BitBucket Repository: https://AbhiJ@bitbucket.org/AbhiJ/imagine.git

Languages Used:
JavaScript (jquery.js, string.js)

Developed with web2py.